Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

Open Source

Get Involved

Projects

Blog

Showcase

Media

About

Careers

Facebook Open Source - Privacy
Policy

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Collection of Information


How We Use Information

How We Share Information

Your California Privacy Rights

Children's Information

Cookies

Questions

Changes To This Policy

Effective Date: March 15, 2020

This policy describes our practices for handling your information on this website (the

"Services").


Collection of Information

1 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40

Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/


When you interact with us through our Services, we may collect or receive the following

types of information:

types of information:

Information you provide directly to us.
For certain activities, we may collect the following

• Contact information, such as name and email address; and

• Information you provide us when you send us correspondence, comment on posts,

subscribe to a service, or otherwise participate on the Services.


Information we collect automatically.
We may also collect certain information

automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address,

mobile device identifier, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages

that you visit before and after using the Services, the date and time of your visit,

information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other

standard server log information.


Integrations with Social Networking and Other Services.
Our Services allow you to enable

or log in via various online services, such as Facebook, Twitter or Youtube (collectively,

"platforms").
Our Services may enable you to access these platforms directly or indirectly

through our Services.
By these platforms, we aim to make your online experiences richer

and more personalized.
When you add a platform account to our Services or log into our

Services using your platform account, we may collect relevant information necessary to

enable our Services to access that platform and your data that platform holds.
We may also

share your information with that platform to facilitate or enhance the delivery of that

platform or our Services.



As part of an integration with a platform, that platform may provide us with access to

certain information that you have provided to the platform, and we will use, store, and

disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
However, please

remember that the manner in which platforms use, store, and disclose your information is

governed by the policies that apply to those platforms.


Information we obtain from other sources.
We may receive information about you from

2 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40


Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

other sources, including through third-party services and organizations, which we may

combine with other information we receive about you.



How We Use Information

• Meet our legitimate interests,including to fulfill your requests for resources, services,

and information; analyze the use of the Services and user data to understand, improve and

operate the Services; and customize the content you see when you use the Services;

• Meet our legal obligations,including to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities

and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use and comply with legal requirements;

•
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or

and

pursuant to your consent.


How We Share Information


There are certain circumstances in which we may share your information with certain third

parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

• Authorized third-party vendors and service providers.
We share your information with

third-party vendors and service providers that help us with specialized services, including

email deployment, business analytics, marketing, and data processing.
These services

providers are limited from using your information for any purpose other than to perform

services for us.


•
Affiliates.
We may share your information with our affiliates, which are companies that

control, are controlled by, or are under common control with us.


• Legal purposes.
We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders,

legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, detect fraud,

and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Facebook, our

affiliates, owner, users, or the public.


• Business transfers.
We may share your information in connection with a substantial

corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or

3 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40


Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.


•
With your consent.
We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at

the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
If you choose to engage in

public activities on the website, you should be aware that any information you share there

can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas.
You should use caution in

disclosing personal information while participating in these areas.
We are not responsible

for the information you choose to submit in these public areas.


How We Protect InformationWe take measures to help protect information from loss,

theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
However, no

data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network

can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.


Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security

protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the

security of such information.



Your California Privacy Rights

We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing

purposes.


Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
Some web browsers transmit "do-not-

track" signals to websites.
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and

activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be

transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.
We currently do not take action in

response to these signals.


Children's Information

Facebook does not knowingly collect or store information from children under the age of 13,

unless permitted by law.
We will delete any information we may have inadvertently received

4 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40


Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

from a child under 13 upon notice.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of

13 has provided personal information to Facebook through our Services please contact us


and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.


Cookies



We may use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect this

information.
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web

browser.
Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also

known as "web beacons" or "clear GIFs," that can recognize cookies, the time and date a

page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar

information from your computer or device.
By using the Services, you consent to our use of

cookies and similar technologies.
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting

your web browser settings.
Because each web browser is different, please consult the

instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the "help" section).
For EU visitors,

we provide a tool allows you to manage cookies you would like to receive and their relevant

usage.


Changes To This Policy


We may update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
When we

update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the "Effective Date" date above and post the new

Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the

Services to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Any changes will be effective when we

post the revised policy.
Your continued use of our Services after any changes or revisions to

this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy

Policy.


Questions


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at

5 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40


Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

opensource@fb.com

Site Map

Projects

FAQ

About

Get Involved

Information

Blog

Linux

Careers

Connect

GitHub

Follow Us

FB for Developers

6 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40



Privacy Policy | Facebook Open Source

https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/

Code of Conduct

Privacy Policy

Cookies

Data Policy

Terms of Use

Trademark Policy

© 202 1  
Faceb ook

7 of 7

20/09/2021, 14:40


